these countdown to the red carpet is
brought to you by Victoria's Secret the
sexiest lingerie brand in the world
welcome back everyone now every year
Victoria's Secret presents Academy Award
Best Actress nominees with a glamorous
gift basket that quite frankly is enough
to make you go all Danza I'm here to
talk about the sexy unmentionables is
Monica Metro welcome you're the
executive vice president of public
relations for Victoria's Secret I knew
nothing our boudoir kind of say it I
love it I love the silhouette thank you
digging it I'm loving it well women out
there will be so excited to hear about
Victoria Secret new life because it
offers solutions for women of all shapes
and sizes right you want to celebrate
the lady lumps tell me what's so
exciting about this new line but with
you know the new line called secrets and
it's a shapewear line and it's very
different than any other shape or
because it is really sexy and it works
okay so I want to show you some of this
secret pieces that we have for under the
Oscar gown and also for any special
occasions that you might have judges
like that it looks like our first model
is ready to hit the runway and show us
what you mean Wow
yeah so this is called this through so
curvaceous slip and it really hugs
everything in and it gives you lift so
it's it what's your waist in your hips
and then you could put your own bra with
it cuz it lifts up the chest but you put
your own bra she happens to have the
miraculous bra which the miraculous bra
ads two cup sizes so when you really
intimate cleavage and then she has on a
necklace that we gave to the best
actress nominees that you were talking
about it has Victoria Secret on one side
and their initial on the other side of
some diamonds and Martin Katz assembly
jeweler designed it for us this year -
sighs there's no need for any more boob
jobs in my word seriously go put them
out of business that's gorgeous okay
thank you so much very much now also
Monica
always thought that women who perhaps a
c-cup or less shouldn't wear halter neck
style dresses because they won't fill
them out or if you're wearing a
strapless bras as it falls down you
can't dance well really if you have the
right size and the right shape for on
you can wear it any outfit okay and this
is body by Victoria and this actually
conforms to your own chest size so it
really stays in place it doesn't move
anywhere I happen to have it on right
now it's a great strapless bra is
completely seamless and then she has the
body by Victoria Pantheon which also
it's a microfiber it's very soft
it really is invisible under anything
that you have on and it doesn't move
because that's the other thing if you
have panties that are moving around and
this doesn't look good no to the ladies
out there everybody needs a pair of
these underwear these knickknacks
because really stay loose tops the VTL
we don't want to see that another dress
thank you so much okay
so what about if you're smaller chested
and you want to wear a strapless gown
but not look flat you need something on
the top we'd ever need something that's
going to give you a lift
and this is from the shape art
collection as well and it gives you lift
because it has an underwire and it goes
very low in the back it's cinches in
your waist it helps everything kind of
go up from the corset Rihanna and this
is great for anything that's faxes and
you know it goes lower in the back and
it doesn't move around it's unusual to
find with the dip in the back and that
kind of huge hot trend also in shape
where you don't see colors like this
it's beautiful and sexy and she has the
lacy panties on which is lace but it's
very smooth but again you can wear it
under something you won't see it comes
in 30 different colors as panning it's
one a day okay oh yes thank you I wonder
how many boys suddenly start watching
this going yeah now I've also got
girlfriends who are full of figured
larger bust and they're not always sure
which shape of dress is going to suit
them so what should they do well you
have to start with the right bra and
this is body by Victoria and again this
contours to your shape and you have to
have a bra that really fits and holds
everything in so it has a fuller cup
larger straps and it really contains and
it's smooth so you know in larger chest
women are afraid to have a bra that just
doesn't give you a good shape but not
only pretty either because
that's a sexy and pretty and then it
gives a great shape and again she has
the seamless panty on okay that
thank you very much the bra fits and you
know it's gonna like it a shoe fits at
the brass best friend buddy off it look
great it's time for a booty call won't
care because some ladies need a little
bit of help in the rear department we
want it to stay in place and that's a
bit of a list so what if you're wearing
something that draws attention to the
back of you and this I think will give
you so much confidence because this is
called slim tastic again from the
seamless collection and it actually
holds everything in and in the back of
you turn around it gives the lift it
gives the bumps and lifts so it has
contouring where it lifts you up in the
back and then she has the bio fit bra
which of the straps can be worn seven
different ways so you know sometimes you
want their shoulders out as one wrap two
straps the straps in the middle like
that so it gives the extra support of a
strapless bra but it has the straps on
it so it gives you some okay well let's
bring all the models out cuz I'm sure
there are certain people watching who
would love to see all these ladies again
aren't make hot it's gorgeous
all right thank you so much Monica I
learned a lot there and I'm certainly
gonna go shopping all right fantastic
thank you all right next up it's over to
G
Thank You Louise now to the
ever-evolving shape of one Oscar nominee